>> Jem Young: And if you wanna see who,
what type of,
>> Jem Young: Who allows hackers to exist,
right?
It's the internet,
there are certain rules we follow.
If I type in all caps, that means I'm
yelling, if I do a /s, that means sarcasm.
We all know these rules.
So why are people always trying
to break into my server?
Or, where are they coming from?
And attackers predominantly come
from a few places in the world,
where just these things are looks
as it's okay if you do this.
If you wanna see that, we can check
our auth.log like we usually do.
I pulled mine, and I just pulled
a random IP address from there.
And I'm gonna use
the MaxMind GeoIP database.
And it tells me that the attackers
came from Singapore in China.
And predominantly, this has nothing to
do with the culture of the countries or
anything like that.
But a lot of attacks tend to come from
Russia and Asia and the United States.
>> Jem Young: I just find it's
interesting sometimes, where like,
how do they even find me?
Sometimes I'll see some from North Korea,
which is like, what?
[LAUGH] Okay, what do they care about me?
But if you're curious, you can go
to maxmind.com/en/geoip-demo, and
then pull just a random IP
from your from your auth.log.
And just see where these attacks
are coming from in the world.
>> Jem Young: Honestly, I think it's
pretty brazen that they're not even gonna
hide their IP address because they know
nothing's going to be done about it.
I can report them to the Singapore
government, and they'll be like, yeah,
we'll look into that.
No, they won't.
>> Jem Young: But
seems like an interesting country.
Just let me know,
like Tanzania, or something.
Cuz that would be a new one,
that would be cool.